hi guys it's a number four here with the
Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and we're going to
take a look at gaming on the note 2 and
specifically in this video we're gonna
take a look at Grand Theft Auto series
so this is a 10-year anniversary edition
and this grunts theft auto 3 so we'll
just get that loaded up
ok that's loaded the game so we'll just
tap through see if I can skip into a
mission there you go
just see how you're good this looks I'm
gonna zoom where I picked up before see
how good this looks on that on a 5.5
inch note to screen I'm gonna skip
through the cutscenes because I get a
little bit boring so it's a little bit
of a dark night looks like it's a see if
he allows us no doesn't and I skip
through that cutscene ok let's go get
ourselves a gun
today with a little bit more heart to be
forever
you dip ahead
now screw these lists won't kill you
come on shooter
yay finally all grand let's get the car
let's go
bomb one of these
Gary could get the bomb ready don't palm
with some move of mine Jimmy stop it
okay
we'll go round the block
that's right you go bomb armed and let's
go get back in the vehicle here he comes
yeah I think grandbaby with it's real
money or fake money it's always good to
earn a little bit of extra cash
I'm sure you'd agree the gameplay is
pretty smooth on the note II there's
plenty of how underneath the bonnet of
this foam so it's nice and relaxed and
it's been pretty smooth today it doesn't
actually like it at all so it's pretty
good I've never actually seen it lads
but I'm sure I will at some point with a
game where I'll get further on down in
the game - there's no bother so but yeah
give it a give it a play it's really
good bye there's plenty to do if you're
a fan of the original Grand Theft Auto
series you'll love it and even better on
a smartphone where you can carry it
around with you and that's been a look
at the grand theft auto 3 10 year
anniversary edition on the samsung
galaxy note 2 any questions or comments
that you guys have got to hit them up
down in the comment section down below
there gives a thumbs up if you like this
video and you like what you saw if you
haven't already done so hit subscribe
from the bottom tough there doesn't cost
you anything and it's totally free and
you can check out some of our
forthcoming videos thanks for watching
have a wicked day and we'll see you next
time